You must have heard the name of Acco.
Especially if you have taken car insurance online, you
must have seen the advertisement of Chances Are Ekko.
But now Acko is also
coming aggressively in the health insurance market and
that too with some big clips.  Should I tell you
?  Zero waiting period.  No copay
unlimited coverage.  Everything is heard
about their Platinum plan.  But is
a health insurance really that
flawless?  Hello friends, I am
Shashank and you are watching Ditto
Insurance.  In today's video we will talk about the
pros and cons of health insurance
plans, premiums and most importantly whether the
plan is worth it for you. If you are
still unsure whether you should buy one
or not or if some other plan would be better, then there is a
link in the description of the video to
book a free call with our experts.
We'll help you find the right plan for you
without any spam.
Coming to the numbers first, Acco's
CSR that is claim settlement ratio is
at
96.43% which is actually better than the
industry average which is around 89%.  So
performance wise the Acco has done quite well.
Talking about complaints, it is
around 17 complaints per 10,000 claims
which is better than the industry average.  Network
Hospitals Over 10,000 Hospitals.  Meaning there
is very strong coverage for cashless claims.
But remember one thing, what matters more than the numbers is
which hospitals are covered in your area.  So do
check it before taking the policy.  One has two
major plans.  Let me tell you which ones.
A Standard plan and a Platinum
plan.  The Standard plan is quite affordable
and covers all the basic features.  Such
as no copay, no room rent limit, AYUSH
consumable cover and also covers pre and post
hospitalization.  60 Days
Free & 120 Days Post. But the
biggest catch is that a
waiting period of 3 years has been imposed for pre-existing diseases.  The
website shows zero waiting period
but in reality
this does not apply to everyone.  So there may be some misleading.
If you are considering Ekko, then
we suggest you to pay a little more
premium and take the Platinum plan.   You
get more value in this.  A
platinum plan is the real star.  Let me tell you
why.  Listen to the features of the plan.  Zero
initial waiting period, Zero specific
illness waiting period, No CCO, 100% bills
covered.  That's right.  100% Bill Covered.  No
rumour interest, unlimited coverage and the
most shocking thing,
premium of just Rs 11,000 in New Delhi for Rs 1 crore coverage.  And
a platinum for two adults also comes for ₹1,000.
So for the price, a
platinum one seems pretty solid.  The features
are also impressive.  But if you have any health
conditions then you will have to be a little cautious here.
So let me tell you some of their issues.
Listen to this.  The problem is that whatever bold
claims Ekko makes, it
is equally important to check their reality.  The biggest issue
is the waiting period for pre-existing
diseases.  Look, the website says that there is
zero waiting period.  But depending on the policy wording, the
insurer's underwriting team decides whether
your case will attract a zero or a three-
year wait.  That means if you have BP or
diabetes, you may have to wait to get the full benefits.
And let me tell you another issue.
ACO is still a relatively new player
in the health insurance market.  They
are quite strong in motor insurance but
their track record in health insurance is
only four or five years.  So it's
like trusting a startup for something as
crucial as your health.  Another thing: Is
unlimited coverage really useful?  Watch
Realistically: Medical Bills
Rarely Cross ₹1 Crore in India.  So this feature is nice to have
but it is not necessary that it will ever be used.
So should one take health
insurance?  If you are young, healthy and
comfortable with digital platforms.
A platinum plan is a value for money
option.  It is transparent, the pricing
is solid and the features are also quite good.
But if you have pre-existing health
conditions or think you'll
need an agent's help with the claims process, an
ACO might not be the best fit for you.  And
if you are still confused, book a free call
with Ditto.  We
will honestly tell you whether you should buy Acko or some other
option would be better for you.  The link
is in the description.  I am Shashank and
I will see you in the next video.  Till then,
happy insurance hunting.